Small editorial changes (#18)
tls-attestation/exported-attestation: draft-fossati-tls-exported-attestation.md

"Remote attestation credentials", or "attestation credentials", is used to refer to both attestation evidence and attestation results, when no distinction needs to be made between them.

# cmw_attestation TLS Certificate Message Extension

> This document introduces the cmw_attestation TLS Certificate message extension, which allows Attestation Evidence or Attestation Results to be included in the extensions field of the end-entity certificate in the TLS Certificate message.

Author: ```suggestion
This document introduces a new TLS certificate message extension called cmw_attestation.
This extension allows Attestation Evidence or Attestation Results to be included in the extensions field of the end-entity certificate in the TLS Certificate message.
```

> This document introduces the cmw_attestation TLS Certificate message extension, which allows Attestation Evidence or Attestation Results to be included in the extensions field of the end-entity certificate in the TLS Certificate message.

Author: Yeah, that’s pretty hefty.  See [0982fb3](https://github.com/tls-attestation/exported-attestation/pull/18/commits/0982fb3d4656646e6604c50af5223dcc8d50295c)

> This document introduces the cmw_attestation TLS Certificate message extension, which allows Attestation Evidence or Attestation Results to be included in the extensions field of the end-entity certificate in the TLS Certificate message.

Reviewer: LGTM, thank you!
